hello folks this is Sula again I wanted
to give followers of the channel some of
my thoughts about the League of Legends
matches played today for IEM Kiev now I
had said before that I wanted to try to
stream some of the matches and do some
commentary on them but as I found out
today IEM actually does not allow people
to restream their broadcast content and
I can actually understand why that is
due to the advertising money involved
and the fact that they need to satisfy
their sponsors but it is actually
illegal for you to restrain their
content so I unfortunately is not able
to do that today but I did watch the
matches and there was some pretty
interesting stuff you can find the
matches I believe that they're going to
be uploaded on YouTube and if not you
can find it through the League of
Legends website they should have those
videos if people want to go watch them
so not the greatest day in terms of
matches what there was still some
interesting stuff here games were being
played on Victor patch so not the most
recent patch but the patch that we've
been on for League of Legends for most
of the past month or so so a couple
things that came out of it it was a
really good day for Team solomid they
did win all their matches and they won
their group Group A the other team
that's going through into the
semi-finals is SK gaming so that's not
really a surprise solomid and sk were
the two big favorites in their group and
they did both advance so really the most
interesting match of the day was when
the two of them played one another
everybody really did expect that they
would be the two to go through the group
so a couple things that I saw from the
matches couple things I want to point
out solomid did a really interesting
thing with their bands today they
thought that they were really smart in
terms of what they're doing with their
bands what they would do is they had
first pick in the game against SK and
what they did was they did sort of
normal bands with their first two picks
first two bands the one the sort of
things you would expect to see banning
you know noted junglers or noted ap
carry that sort of thing then with their
last ban their third band they banned
Soraka and then they first picked so no
and they did that against both curse and
also against SK and it proved to be
really effective so the reason why
they're doing that is they recognize
that Sona and Soraka are the two
strongest supports in the game right now
and I'll say more on this in a minute
because this is something that people
have been discussing in the comments to
some of my videos they knew that Sona &
Sirocco were the strongest support so
what they did was they banned Soraka and
then they first picked sona and what by
doing that they forced the other team
onto a much weaker support
and in both cases in both of those games
the other team ended up picking Jana so
they were able to force the other team
into a weaker support and then that
would allow their bottom Lane to just
really dominate and in fact him in both
of the games i saw chaox was able to get
a really strong leaning matchup and just
completely dominate bottom Lane so I
thought that that was really clever and
what they were doing now in both of
those games that solomid played again
against both sk and against curse gaming
in both games they were able to get
really strong leaning pairings they were
able to get sona graves in the first
game and then they were able to get
sivir sona in the second game so Sona
paired with graves and so no paired with
sivir and that those are both really
really strong lanes those are some of
the strongest lanes Possible's again
this is before the patch most recent
patch with just nerf graves so really
strong lanes and in both cases they were
up against vein Jana bottom lanes both
SK and curse ran vein Jana and the
result was that both of those lanes just
got absolutely destroyed by solomid now
this is something that Varys and I
actually tested up I think about six
weeks ago we tried to test playing vein
Jana and it's just not a good Lane vein
Jana doesn't really have a lot of
synergy doesn't work very well and that
was really on display today in seeing
how solomid just absolutely crushed
these vain Jana bottom lanes so I don't
suggest playing that Lane and I have had
some comments and videos I've been
pretty pretty straight forward in saying
that I think that Sona & Sirocco are the
strongest supports a lot of people have
been saying hey Janice Jan is really
good well I like Janna but the results
from these games really show that the
competitive scene does not value Jana in
the same way as Soraka and soda and in
fact I every single game that Jana was
played in she lost today so again I know
it's a small sample size but if you've
been watching the high level streamers
for a long time now it's pretty obvious
that Sona and Soraka are considered by
far above the other supports in terms of
their values so anyway just a couple
more things I don't want this video to
drag on too long some other stuff I
noticed cv clairvoyance is back on
supports again I thought that we might
see this it's just so useful in a
tournament setting for real high level
play people have been running heel and
flash on supports but CV was back and in
fact it was on all the supports all day
so I thought that that was pretty
interesting because we haven't been
seeing that in a lot of solo queue but
in a tournament environment cv more
highly valued and then the other thing
that was really
funny is in the TSM sk game today
between solomid and sk they kept
swapping their lanes over and over again
they kept swapping their top lanes in
mid lanes because sk was trying to avoid
a matchup of irelia against teemo and so
they kept trying to swap their lanes to
avoid that and then solomid kept
swapping it right back so i think they
swapped Elaine's about six or seven
times in the first ten minutes of the
game and it was really funny but anyway
that's about all I have to say for today
it wasn't some interesting games really
if you want to watch the games the one
between SK and solomid probably the most
interesting one so amid just out picked
sk they just they really beat them on
the champion select screen they just had
better pics they had better lanes and by
running sivir alongside Sona they just
completely crushed the bottom lane of SK
and chaox was just able to beat candy
panna because he had the advantage in
the laning matchup so anyway going to
leave it off here probably try to talk a
little bit more tomorrow if I have a
chance to watch the matches until next
time take care guys see you soon